Readme - breaking change notice (#179)
saleor/saleor-platform: README.md

*Keep in mind this repository is for local development only and is not meant to be deployed in any production environment! If you're not a developer and just want to try out Saleor you can check our [live demo](https://demo.saleor.io/).*

## Breaking changes

> This project contains several projects that are connected. Latest `main` branch should always work, but if modules were update individually, it's possible that they will not be stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains several projects that are connected. The `main` branch should always be stable, but if modules were updated individually, it's possible they will not work correctly.
```
